he wanted to talk I did it maybe you
didn't think i could but i did a coup
bass tracker named CRADA found my sister
teva found where she worked even the
name of her boss she's on Nar Shaddaa
can you believe that carta wouldn't tell
me any more until I paid him but he
found her no time like the present you
are the best we need to meet cry to the
kuvasz in a cantina on Nar Shaddaa i'll
settle the bill with him get the
specifics and then see my sister
geodesic la proxima era vondra be more
spam dmoz brought escada Evita and died
I've got your credits you said you had
more information about teva your
hoppity key here preach Verity me
Sabathia's of fa cos nice this doesn't
need to be a big deal give us our
information and we'll be on our way at
all don't know- so mobile todo geez bava
appeared i hear your cries now will you
please tell me where my sister is what
Ilana angle miss aachen anome a las
patas era small co Pabu de semana y
Padre monomer Callie fantastic thanks
let's go find his crystal woman
Applejack hella kima kima's
crystal yeah cute thing you looking for
work
I would look fantastic in your outfit am
I hired we're not really that kind of
place tried it didn't work out we're not
here for a job we're looking for my
sister teva ah of course I guess
everyone has somebody that loves them
teva
no women no couples and no I don't want
to hear any argument teva I don't think
you really see your customers anymore
look closer Cena what you're alive
despite my best efforts this is my
friend he's um a said Lord is Cena at we
lack word for sister or something it's
my name Xena you don't think anyone
names their kid back to you so I'm
guessing this wasn't a voluntary a
career move I've been working here two
years and it's killing me I kept
thinking I'd get sold again but I'm too
old stay now you have to get me out of
here Wow ok big favor can you buy my
sister's freedom let's should cover it
go pay you a master you were free one
you see why I hang out with a Sith Lord
I see I see I'll be right back
it's done I need to get my stuff I can
never thank you enough Sena I'll be in
touch soon ok make it soon well that was
amazing shall we go